Renaming of existing parameters (#3)
kyma-incubator/milv: README.md

You can use the following parameters while using `milv` binary:

| Name                           | Description                                             | Default Value      |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------ |

> | `-base-path`                   | root directory of repository                            | `""`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-base-path`                   | Root directory of the repository                            | `""`               |
```

> | `-config-file`                 | configuration file for bot. See [more](#config-file)    | `milv.config.yaml` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-config-file`                 | Configuration file for the bot. See the [**Config file**](#config-file) section for more details.  | `milv.config.yaml` |
```

> | `-external-links-to-ignore`    | comma separate external links which will not be checked | `[]`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-external-links-to-ignore`    | Comma-separated external links which will not be checked | `[]`               |
```

> | `-internal-links-to-ignore`    | comma separate internal links which will not be checked | `[]`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-internal-links-to-ignore`    | Comma-separated internal links which will not be checked | `[]`               |
```

> | `-files-to-ignore`             | comma separate files which will not be checked          | `[]`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-files-to-ignore`             | Comma-separated files which will not be checked          | `[]`               |
```

> | `-allow-redirect`              | redirects will be allowed                               | `false`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-allow-redirect`              | Redirects will be allowed                               | `false`            |
```

> | `-request-repeats`             | number of request repeats                               | `1`                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-request-repeats`             | Number of repeated request                               | `1`                |
```

> | `-allow-code-blocks`           | checking links in code blocks                           | `false`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-allow-code-blocks`           | Links in code blocks will be checked                          | `false`            |
```

> | `-timeout`                     | connection timeout (in seconds)                         | `30`               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-timeout`                     | Connection timeout (in seconds)                         | `30`               |
```

> | `-ignore-external`             | ignore external links                                   | `false`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-ignore-external`             | External links to be ignored                                  | `false`            |
```

> | `-ignore-internal`             | ignore internal links                                   | `false`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-ignore-internal`             | Internal links to be ignored                                   | `false`            |
```

> | `-v`                           | enable verbose logging                                  | `false`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-v`                           | Verbose logging                                  | `false`            |
```

> | `-help` or `-h`                | show available parameters                               | n/a                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-help` or `-h`                | Available parameters                               | n/a                |
```

your config file can look like this:

```yaml
external-links-to-ignore: ["localhost", "abc.com"]
internal-links-to-ignore: ["LICENSE"]
files-to-ignore: ["./README.md"]
files:
  - path: "./src/foo.md"
    config:
      external-links-to-ignore: ["github.com"]
      internal-links-to-ignore: ["#contributing"]
```

> Before run validation, `milv` remove from files list `./README.md` file to check and connect global `external-links-to-ignore` with file `external-links-to-ignore` and `external-links-to-ignore` for `./src/foo.md` file will look that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the validation, `milv` removes the `./README.md` file from the files list. It then concatenates the values for `external-links-to-ignore` entries. For the `./src/foo.md` file mentioned in the example, the result will look as follows:
```

| Error                                                                                              | Solution example                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `404 Not Found`                                                                                    | Page doesn't exist - you have to change the external link to the correct one                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | Error with formatting link                                                                         | Correct link or if link has a variables or it is a example, add this link to the `external-links-to-ignore` or `internal-links-to-ignore`                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Error with formatting the link                                                                         | Correct the link. If the link contains variables or is used as an example, add it to the `external-links-to-ignore` or `internal-links-to-ignore` list.                                                                                                                                              |
```

| `The specified anchor doesn't exist...` or `The specified anchor doesn't exist in website...`      | Check which anchors are on the external website and correct the specified anchor or remove the redirection to the given anchor. Sometimes `milv` give a hint (`Did you mean about <similar anchor>?`) of which anchor (existing in the website) is very similar to the given. |
| `Get <external link>: net/http: request canceled (Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers)` | Increase net timeout to the all files, specific file or specific link or increase times of request repeats ([Here's](#advanced-configuration) how to do it)                                                                                                                   |
| `Get <external link>: EOF `                                                                        | Same as above or change the link to the other one (probably website doesn't exist)                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | Other types of errors and errors with contains `no such host` or `timeout` words                   | Most likely, the website doesn't exist or you do not have access to it. Possible solutions: change the link to another, correct one, remove it or add it to the `external-links-to-ignore` or `internal-links-to-ignore`                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Other types of errors and errors that contain the `no such host` or `timeout` words                   | It means that the website doesn't exist or you don't have access to it. You can change the link to another one, correct or remove it, or add it to the `external-links-to-ignore` or `internal-links-to-ignore` list.                                                               |
```
